after months of delays and tens of
millions of devices shipped by their
competitors Apple's late entrant to the
home smart speaker game has finally
arrived but can it possibly compete with
the Google home max I speak her twice
sighs armed with the almighty Google
assistant yes but it's also a little
more complicated than that
[Music]
Kable mod pro series cables use extra
thick wires for a fuller more robust
look merged terminals on the component
side of each cable have also been
eliminated for a cleaner build check
them out below
despite some people's observations that
it looks kind of like a giant toilet
paper roll subjectively I would still
say that the home pod wins on the design
front the seamless 3d mesh fabric looks
great from any angle though I would
recommend washing your hands before you
touch it the capacitive glass top is an
elegant haptic and visual interface
displaying volume buttons when you're
playing music and a beautiful listening
animation when you're talking to Siri
and we even found the physical interface
more pleasing to use tapping or holding
volume buttons feels more intuitive than
the slide gesture you have to do on the
Google home Macs and it's nice to be
able to Hale Siri without using your
voice a feature that Google removed from
all of its home devices wrong now the
home pod is small but don't let that
fool you it's much heavier than it looks
at five-and-a-half pounds and this is
thanks to the incredible amount of
hardware that Apple packed inside it
it's got a four inch subwoofer at the
top six microphones around the middle
and seven tweeters at the bottom and not
just regular tweeters these are really
cool for one thing they are horn loaded
which allows them to more efficiently
turn mechanical energy into acoustic
energy increasing their effective
radiating area and making them sound
bigger than they are
and for another their diaphragms are
balanced mode radiators meaning that
they can produce high frequencies by
rippling or low frequencies by moving
the diaphragm in and out the
old-fashioned way so if the home pod
senses that the bass demands will make
the subwoofer distort it will actually
offload work to the tweeters and there
is more to this technology than just
using good speakers both home pod and
Google home Mac's use special low
frequency calibration microphones to
give themselves spatial awareness this
functionality does allow these devices
to map the room around them and then
apply automatic bass correction
to increase clarity now Apple said in
their keynote that the home pod would
direct certain musical assets like the
main vocals to the center of the room
and ambient sounds and backup vocals to
the side which is really good news
because otherwise an omnidirectional
wired speaker would not be ideal a lot
of the time so I guess it's all of that
stuff combined that made this thing take
so darn long and also what allow the
home pod to avoid distortion even when
it's turned way up so the rumors are
true it sounds really really good
especially for its size but what about
the elephant in the room the Google home
max from our evaluation it actually
sounded just as good but with a
different sound signature while the home
pod has pronounced mids and highs that
are very forward max offers a wider
soundstage with deeper chest-bumping
bass thanks no doubt to its dual four
and a half inch high excursion
subwoofers although this is interesting
while max gets significantly louder
before it starts to compromise on sound
quality at lower volumes the home pod
can actually deliver surprisingly strong
and pleasing bass compared to the max do
we think to its ability to transfer
sound down into the surface its resting
on okay then so they both sound great
but these aren't just speakers they're
smart speakers which brings us to the
next question we have to answer which
one is smarter while both assistants
offer the usual fair-weather stock
prices news we were disappointed to
learn that unlike her competitors Siri
on home pod doesn't search the web so
while she can rely on native API hooks
to answer questions like who is the
president of Friends the answer I found
is Emmanuel macron
at this time she stumbles on novel
queries like how long is the average
ferret I can't get the answer to that on
home pawed ferret typically has a length
of 15 inches
it's very geebo of you Siri sad although
your mileage may vary since some people
have reported it working but while
that's a clear disadvantage today the
two devices are about equal when it
comes to response time latency and their
ability to hear your commands over loud
music
and home pod does have one awesome
feature that Google home doesn't have
yet Siri send a text message what do you
want to say with that said home pod does
not have voice recognition profiles like
Google home does so in theory anyone
could ask your home pod to read out your
last text message whenever they want
I found your most recent message from
Edsel hey fire buns last night was
amazing
speaking of privacy while both devices
allow you to turn off the microphones
Max is the only one that lets you do it
with a physical switch so which one
should you buy then we actually think
the answer is pretty simple and comes
down to whether or not you use Apple
music see with a Google home or Amazon
echo you can use all the major music
platforms Spotify Google play music
Pandora iHeartRadio you pretty much name
it including Apple music and the same
goes for the home pod so why did we
bring that up ah because it's how you
can interact with those services that
makes all the difference here with
Google or Amazon solution you get full
voice control with everything but Apple
music which is limited to next song and
pause with the Google assistant and even
then only if you are casting your entire
device via bluetooth by contrast the
home pod does feature voice control with
Apple music but only Apple music so if
you're using Spotify the only way to
control it even if you have an iPhone
will be through the buttons on your
device and there's some more general
inflexibility like we've come to expect
from Apple unlike the Macs the home pod
does not include a three-and-a-half
millimeter jack for third-party speakers
and it requires an iOS 11 device for its
initial setup
that's right Android users and even
those of you with older iOS devices you
will need to go buy an iPod touch on
Craigslist to get your home pod working
well mostly working which brings us then
to the features that Apple
promised that aren't out yet and won't
be until airplay two launches later on
this year one the ability to connect
multiple home pods in stereo and to
multi room playback from airplay to
devices be they home pods or Apple TVs
or whatever Mac's
can do both of these things today so
then that answer wasn't so simple after
all but it's okay I have a summary if
you don't have any wooden tables and
you're already deep into Apple's
ecosystem with an apple music
subscription and a bunch of money sunk
into iTunes home pod is a beautiful
piece of hardware and a fantastic
speaker but if you are almost literally
anybody else you're probably better off
with a competitive offering like a
Google home Macs and a ly XA enabled
Sonos or even some regular dumb speakers
plugged in to an echo dot hey Siri tell
me a joke
[Music]
well this whole experience wasn't very
funny at all this has been quite the
project so far yeah I know hey Siri read
out my last text message
I found your most recent message from
Edsel hey fire buns last night was
amazing thanks to audible for sponsoring
this video audible is your one-stop shop
for audio books original audio shows
news comedy and more from leading audio
book publishers broadcasters
entertainers and more audiobooks are
great to listen to when you're busy
whether you're driving working out
running errands or you're just looking
to learn it's a fantastic solution to
not having the time to sit down and hold
a physical book and stare at it maybe
check out a Song of Ice and Fire which
the HBO series Game of Thrones is based
on and if you're not already signed up
for audible you can get a free trial
which gives you 30 days of membership
just go to audible.com forward slash
Linus or text Linus to five hundred five
hundred to get started if you like the
service and you want to sign up
ship includes one free audiobook a month
exclusive sales 30% off all regularly
priced audiobooks awesome so again
that's audible.com slash lioness or
lioness - 500 500 go for it we've got it
linked below so thanks for watching guys
if this video sucked you know what to do
but if it was awesome get subscribed hit
that like button or check out the link
to where to buy the stuff we featured in
the video description also linked down
there is our merch store which has cool
shirts like this one and our community
forum which you should totally join